alright hey everybody its Noelle and
can't actually remember which number
podcast this is number eight or nine and
I'm here with Erin Stevens from lovely
Murphy's Calaveras County California
yeah how you doing I'm doing good
waking up with my cup of coffee yeah so
it appears that first time well when we
just start so like who are you and what
roles do you have in flow or juggling
I'm Erin Stevens and I've been juggling
for 27 years pretty involved with the
community of juggling and and becoming
more involved with the flow community
which is exciting and right now I work
with the International jugglers
Association and I've been doing that for
about eight years I work with their
social media and also with their
international regional competitions I J
regional competitions and everything
else you know lots of projects and such
and I'm also working with floette
Institute now with social media and
marketing which has been a lot of fun
and I travel a lot my double a lot nice
so well one of the reasons I had you
come on was I had a bunch of guys on my
podcast but you know trying to get the
women quota up if we could we'll also be
nice to get some like non-binary folk at
some point that's a good good future
suggestion but yeah I guess why don't we
start from the top
so the IRC which is the international
regional competitions i J I'm sorry
branded IJ regional competitions can you
uh and I'll just let our listeners know
that I was welcomed to the board by
Aaron Stephens of the IJA so there I J
Aaron got me on the board but I just
wanted to ask so what is the the plans
so as far as I know you go to a city
you hold a contest somebody wins you
take a bunch of media that's what I got
so is there anything I'm missing I'm
sort of a not a good way to describe it
but maybe is there what exactly so I did
some competitions in general they take
about a year to a year and a half of
pre-planning to hold them so it's
finding the right host in the right
region and then it involves yeah a lot
of marketing to get the word out and all
that and then we have a prelim
competition now because originally we
had them at the festival but now we've
started doing video prisons where people
submit their videos of their routines
and then we have preliminary judges who
now because it's all online we can get
people like this year like Jake Gilligan
Ori Roth and and who else Oh Laurel
Laurel did it this year too and so it's
been we narrow it down to the finalists
we go to the host festival and then it's
basically a show because it's a bunch of
routines that's what the competition
format is it's a routine competition so
it's not like best trick or something
like that but it's like a 5 to 8 minute
routine that's choreographed to music
and and highlights both technical and
creative juggling and then you host the
show and there's five judges and and we
have fun judges meetings and things like
that to explain all the rules which it's
about 16 pages of rules and then you
have the competition people win they get
you know prize money they get the medals
and and then they get a lot of promotion
as well mmm so name
can you name every single city that the
IRCs I've been to thus far in
potentially chronological order
I'm just so yeah just right from the
beginning
here we go 2011 it was in the middle of
the Sierra Madre mountain range in
Mexico not in a city at all in a dirt
field
um and then you're here number two is
2013 we skip 2012 it was in Santiago
Chile
in Brazil but I don't know the name of
the city I didn't actually go to that
one and then we had hwadam la Jara was
where we started having it in Mexico
then we had Lima Peru we had San Jose
Costa Rica and then the next year we
went to Bogota Colombia Colombia and
Santiago Chile again and to a really
beautiful National Park in Israel first
time out of Latin America um back to a
la Jara we had one of my last duty in
Guatemala and I got this I got this
we had Quito Ecuador we had Kabul
Afghanistan we had Melbourne Australia
Taipei Taiwan st. Petersburg Russia
anymore anymore tons of it are El
Salvador and cotton all in vain so and
so just listen no this has run through a
non-profit that you've been a part of
for a while and it and I know that to
some extent that judging is similar to
the judging that happens at the IJA
festival is that true do they use the
same exact same yeah okay so here's the
big question so what kind of benefits
does a competition like this aside from
money and like you know aside from that
like what kind of benefits do you see
competitive competitive juggling
providing these communities because
that's something that yeah yeah yeah
yeah so this is a topic I thought a lot
because I've spent a lot of time
organizing a competition and I've gone
back and forth throughout eight years of
doing this of like do I really love
competition and juggling like what are
the benefits of competition in juggling
it's question that comes up to me all
the time it's a question I've had to
deal with internally because I love the
art of juggling and I love the community
of juggling and sometimes competition
can feel divisive and so that part I had
never loved whenever I feel that
happening
so then it would be like reflecting on
what what are the benefits and what I've
really seen and Mexico is a great
example because it's happened there
seven years now and is it's become an
amazing motivational platform for people
to progress very rapidly and so the
amount that I've seen the Mexican
juggling meeting it's not just because
of the IJA competition it's because if
their whole community has just really
embraced circus and juggling as a whole
but the IJ has definitely been apart
like you know having the tricks of the
month also has come out it's holding the
IRS he's like by having the IJA
representative there we meet cool
jugglers that there were like hey we
want to feature you and show your tricks
to the rest of the world and things like
that and that's been really motivated to
um but so yeah it's hoped the
communities I feel are working harder to
progress faster because they have this
goal and like I had a long talk with I
think wheels all um because he had been
a judge for the IJ competition and he he
was like I don't think I like
competition for juggling but then we
talked a lot about it and I said you
know in Europe they have schools like
circus schools where basically your goal
and your deadline is to train really
hard to get really good to audition for
that circus school and I was like
basically an audition is kind of like a
competition you're going up against
other people you know you have this
deadline and you have this time that you
have to progress as much as you possibly
can by that time and then in in Latin
America or in Africa or in Afghanistan
they don't have these circus schools
that that you're training to compete to
enter you know and getting as good as
you can so these competitions kind of
have helped to fill that void of giving
them a deadline to really get as good as
they can quickly which is been cool to
see hmm the other thing that's good
given - no no right I want to hear your
second point I'm gonna end that question
okay and the other thing that's been
really cool to see is how much it's
helped individuals progress like
Fernandez umano is a good example she
was the very first gold medalist in 2011
and she was a helper and people were
like wow I hope everyone the juggling
competition but she ended up that like
motivated her so much and inspired her
so much that like she just kept pushing
the levels and she ended up becoming you
know super popular hooper from mexico
known worldwide she's now performing all
over
here up and like it just kind of she she
says you know that helped launch her
career in a whole new direction and
that's happened with various different
competitors now where that inspiration
they had to participate them launched
other inspirations into careers in the
future so do you see any like downside
competition I'm getting a little bit of
echo but that's okay yeah I mean you
know like I think the things that come
up for me is especially the day of the
competition there's so many emotions
from everyone like that's what I've
really learned is competition creates
emotion and it's emotion for the judges
it's emotion for me as the organizer
it's a motion for the audience for the
people competing because everyone's
gonna have their own unique opinion like
what is a show you're just there to
enjoy it maybe you should shake it and
things but when will you add that
element if somebody's going to win it
just up the emotional level so strongly
so you know people have been totally
heartbroken and like I've had to deal
with the aftermath of total heart
brokenness and you know there's constant
debate and again I come back to well
where what are the positives that can
come out of that I feel like the cool
thing about the debate is it's creating
conversation and that conversation leads
to future opinions and more discussion
about juggling which is good but yeah I
think that's the been the hardest part
is like yeah that heartbroken folks
that's a hard one for me so so there's
been a lot of broken folks come back and
win the next year because that
heartbreak then what inspiration and led
to them picking so do you think okay
here's a funny question so flow arts
kind of like avoids the word competition
it appears as much as I recognize in its
community as I think sometimes maybe
like access like for example anybody can
access this I would say juggling most
people can access it but for flow arts
or the wide variety of things that are
attached to it do you think that a flow
competition would be good for flow arts
that's something
you you you think could be needed or
would provide any benefit because this
has come up repeatedly there was a
contest in Mexico once called flowmaster
got canceled master got cancelled a team
of producers here in the United States
trying to potentially throw flow arts
events one of them at some of our vents
and we kind of were like yeah we're good
but I'm just curious yeah do you think
there's any benefit to flow artists
getting more involved in competition um
I could you know I think again
competition can serve a purpose and it
depends if that's the direction the
general Florez community wants to go and
it's a culture that has been away from
competition as well as long as I've
known it and so I can see it being a
very odd transition to having
competition be a part of it and what
they're not that would be a healthy
addition it's you know I think
experimentation is never a bad thing
like trying it and seeing how it goes um
but like yeah I mean and it's so so
community focused I feel flow arts and
like sharing focus because it's it's
also never been super focused on the
like in the festivals at least on the
performance aspect and performers and
bringing in performance it's been about
the workshops and teaching and sharing
knowledge and stuff so I think it's like
going in the competition directions
totally different um but I wouldn't mind
seeing like a full-on flow battle like
some some badass chicks from a dragon
staff person you know meets up with a
three Hooper whatever you know like
battles I could see being really fun
yeah and I'm just thinking about that
because for example there's some
individuals that are more competitive
for example Chris Kelly I think is
openly competitive I feel like he's he's
attempted to be a part of the ije stage
competition multiple times not made it
still tried which is in my herbal and
even this year made it into the top
forty jugglers yeah
yeah I just think about like how
competition like everybody's kind of
doing it secretly and I think that's the
bigger problem is that I think a lot of
people are kind of
p-ting not just with themselves but with
themselves but choosing targets to
compete with but not really telling
anybody that and you know like having a
competition brings that to the forefront
especially like okay now we're really
competing I'm not just like saying it to
myself in my mind I'm actually like
going out there kind of compete against
to win in front of others which is all
about recognition yeah and I think
losing just as something kind of there's
a student of mine who was destined to be
a part of some student council will just
say at some point in my teaching career
and he he didn't get it but I think you
know and it was tragic because he was
definitely probably more well that does
that potentially more equipped for the
role you know what I'm saying yeah and
it's like that in judging too and and
you know but then he seemed to learn a
lot from that and I would imagine that
that happens a lot in these competitions
where the you know I'd hate to be that
guy that says the same thing one says
they're like losing you can learn
potentially more because there's a lot
more room for growth in there than
winning I'm winning it's a trait I go
next so totally hmm yeah and I think if
you're like open to the feedback I think
that's the key that I've seen is like
it's the people who are who have
perverse or are really angry so they
have that emotion that comes up right
are like super affected by the loss some
people are like that whatever I'm glad I
entered you you know and people that get
really fiery afterwards but then who are
also willing to listen to the feedback
of like the why right like why did this
happen and how how does that inspire
future growth you know yeah there was
this one kid just an example again the I
think the first year he auditioned for
the IRC Mexico and it was a live
audition at that point he didn't make it
in the finals
like totally didn't make it to the
finals heartbroken crushed I like don't
even remember this guy from the first
year kids like I think that was like the
first date he probably was like crushed
the next the rest of the festival
went home so the IRC didn't have it
again in Mexico for two years yes and it
came back and who won the competition
and then also because of that training
he ended up getting hired full-time by a
by a circus performance company yeah
totally I agree all right so I got some
other so I don't want to go to down the
normal pathways but we should set it up
here so you're a woman and you are a you
are a juggler and I know that you've
done multiple campaigns to potentially
and I'm here behind that tricky chick
thing is that you okay anyway so you did
the tricky tricks then there's this
flamingo club you're a part of for a
long time organizations that push
females in juggling yes I guess started
off or now the flow community has won
I've seen the hash tag tech Queens
appears to be the appears to be a
popular hashtag with the and I was just
wondering do you think that it has been
improving is it like like is it where
it's needs to be or you know what to do
with that well I mean I think the thing
I've been super fascinating for me the
last couple of years is not only have I
been like really focusing on you know
before it was looking at what was
happening in the u.s. like for for the
ladies dynamic great and that's all I
knew and I know the history of really
and the jugglers consciousness in the
USA anyhow and yeah like I just wrote a
big post about this on Facebook that got
like way more engagement or whatever
response when I ever thought it was
basically like I was told that Jerry was
99% male when I first got into it when I
was like 14 121st festival and I was
like what that's crazy
and I did a ton of research on the Y
like looking at the Y of that and and
really evaluating what my perspective
out was of that and it's been discussed
to no end
but now on the international level I
mean it's like I think things are really
progressing in the u.s. like you go to
IJ for example this year was probably
the most balanced meal female of the ten
years hey director retired yeah it was
definitely like the most balanced male
the female dynamic ever and then like I
just went to this festival in in
Paraguay where like it's attended by the
ton of Argentinians and in Argentina
that's where they had the ladies mallet
but ERISA's group that's I like had
partnered with I found them online I
think in 2012 and we started making
ladies model baristas videos to put out
through the IJA that just featured cool
women from around the world but what
they were also doing down there was they
would have all ladies shows and they'd
have their ladies group going out and
teaching workshops and all this stuff
and just really made a big focus on on
women
chuckling and empowering other women and
then at the Paraguay festival it's been
like tradition every year to have a
ladies night where all women performers
and they they started off by saying you
know it was all in Spanish so I was
doing the best translation I could but
they basically said the reason for this
show is because historically shows have
been hugely represented by males and
very few females so to offset and invest
that means the lack of inspiration for
female so to offset that we are we have
to start at this show that features only
women to empower women and viability
future and everyone was like that was
powerful show of the first of all like
super high skill level amazing aim you
know about empowering women and all that
stuff just really inspiring and so um so
because of that literally a 50/50 split
of males females in the females skill
level was like off-the-charts I had
never been doing this where I thought so
many good ladies like usually have your
handful of really strong women but there
it was just like so many good ladies
then somebody happened
- so just cool to see how because of
that focus it had totally shifted the
balance yeah and I was thinking about
had a thought so I'm reading this book
yeah and I'm working for my charger just
reading this book called the master
within Master Chen but basically I was
just thinking like so here's an analogy
I guess so
you have that like the yin and yang
vibes going on
so like juggling is older kind of more
rooted and it's like tradition of like
just human existence in a lot of ways is
juggling and it's fairly technical in my
opinion informative and sort of like one
side of that and then the other side is
kind of like flow arts you know and also
just say the gender bounce attended
towards men in yoga in juggling overall
probably all history but like flowers I
would say actually grows a lot more out
of like either a complete balance
between men and women or even more women
if you count hooping is the most popular
or the flow arts to be honest you you
could say anything else is probably but
hooping is by far the most popular and I
would say that field is predominantly or
still is or not and more but used to be
predominantly dominated by females and
it's kind of like you have both sides of
this code of clicking together here and
it doesn't mean that there's not women
in juggling it's not men and flow arts
but like you know the people that come
there to flow arts let's say that are
technically minded usually move to that
like dot in the yang over there because
that's kind of like a core tenant of a
lot of juggling is this technical
framework that exists there so they kind
of like transmute over it that's like
the literal word they use in this
frigging book they transmute them they
understand like oh okay like I'm more
into this like technical element so now
I'm more on this side of things in a lot
of ways I've seen a lot of jugglers to
be honest even
probably a mixed outs of men and women
kind of move from juggling and kind of
things like oh this is like a little
more relaxed I can feel open to learn
all these things in like a different
kind of environment that feels a little
less barrier to skill environment I
guess for example if you're at a
juggling event and you can't pass clubs
and it's a club passing event and you're
not you're gonna be outside of that for
the most part you know and I've just
seen a lot of this like people I mean
people want to call flow profitable
Asian whatever you want to call flow
arts I don't really care but like it's
really like carved out a picture there
for itself and I just like do you agree
that that's sort of true does it seem
like there's like a lot of like ways
that flow in juggling can and have
recently balance themselves out yeah
yeah I mean I think I mean it's similar
you know again like you said juggling
super rooted in history and flow has
been is like newer movement over the
last how long 15 yeah that's what I
think I was like 20 years you know and
so and you compare that to whatever the
same history of juggling is but I think
what's cool what I've seen at least like
you know that I feel like popularity
flow has in a way influenced a rebirth
of popularity of juggling too which is a
cool thing like because the energy was
so high and like moving in a really
strong modern direction with the flow
arts so juggling community have to step
it up to make juggling get out of the
antique antique ages and come into the
modern age you know so I think that's
been an influence I also think uh you
know especially in California like I
live in California and I wasn't here
when when like fire drum started I was
watching it from Colorado right and I
came back and I was like oh snap like
talk about integration and like you
can't go to a juggling event and not
have flow flowing super well-balanced
it's my video like Chucky yeah a little
bit thank you so here you ya know and I
would say just says history's sake it
seems like the the West Coast in
particular I granted I don't know
exactly how hard people were trying and
other places but like between humble
joking festival Berkeley joking FSO
Portland and then mad skills in
Vancouver Canada like all those
participants from each of those events
you know used to instill due to some
extent travel to all the events and
they're all basically flow jugular types
like they were juggling I got into flow
or there flowed then he got into
juggling like you know I first met Kevin
he was just a contact juggler and he had
some you know Kevin act cell for
everybody and he had like you know fans
with feathers on them that was like his
flow extent for the most part you know
like he could do something contact early
runs that line between it is it's that
little dot yeah but he always he also
just love that kind of flowy style but
slowed like Club juggling for example
didn't really have a close dial but he
like was immediately drunk like Legos or
things that weren't tossing you know
like before the term flow existed he
always loved that so cool yeah yeah and
I go ahead to that I think I know the
West Coast is also often a good example
of a community that embraced females
sooner than other places in the US and I
think it's like I think back to it the
first festival I was ever invited to
perform at and it was the Humboldt women
of juggling yeah and they ended up doing
it for two years I was invited both
years but the first one was especially
special because like the entire show
with only women it was like older
galchenko and Lena
Lana Bolin and like some really badass
chicks and then who else what's her name
oh man I'm gonna be used to perform with
Luke Wilson and she was she's amazing
I'm from Europe but anyhow it was a
great lineup of all these amazing women
and I feel like that planted this seed
that has been growing ever since in
California and then they did a second
year too and I think you know and
like the Judy Spinelli award where they
recognize you know Judy finales
influence on the West Coast scene and
like I just feel like there's been a
focus on realizing that to get more
females involved you also have to have
females involved and like show that
there are females involved
I think the West Coast both with the
flow and juggling integration and also
with female and male balance dynamic you
just just mentioned something kind of
funny to me
you mentioned style I actually feel like
this is gonna be a pretty drastic
statement
I feel like juggling has not really had
a style until you know sort of the I
guess you could go back you know the
jiggling a Shawn McKinney days but like
West pedan right like taking like the
clothing you wear hat taking the way I
mean you could say you come from a
lineage I'm not gonna like ignore the
guy's a basically behind him but like
dresses in a certain way and that's what
it is and that's like a style like flow
arts on the other hand has always had
clothing and decor and how you dress
yourself as a part and it's interesting
because like now clearly the juggling
style is like loose white tee and sweat
pants style is like the art you know
sort of interesting like the flow people
that move to juggling have now adopted
the sort of like you know Wyatt Marvin
crew style of sweatpants and loose shirt
juggling which is actually inching
because it's like another example of how
flow is affected juggling style itself
like it's kind of interesting I'm not
saying like people weren't wearing
sweatpants before that's like very
normal for jugglers but some dancers and
whoever else but more like looking like
dancers I guess would be a way to even
think about it and I was singing like
this and like all the kids that dress
not gonna say similar but like have
those I was a girl I just saw on the
recent IJ video kind of has that like
West beaten dress sort of like loud
maybe that's like cultural I don't know
but like loud shoes like big shoes
there's lots of little dudes at the idea
a with
yeah the girl is sick yeah and so and so
again like and this was something I
wanted to touch on too with the ladies
and I'll go back to this in a second but
the style thing what I've noticed
because I've been traveling a lot
throughout the world is like you know
when I first landed in Mexico the first
question before asking do you know
what's in jail do you know what's in
Jake you know was a day like everyone
loved where today right and then I go to
Chile and like do you know what's a J's
you don't just like everyone just like I
which is understandable and in the rest
of the world hands down but but because
of that like you know the Latin American
style or juggling scene has really
exploded in the last 10 years and really
like the last seven eight years and and
so because of that because West has been
the number one person on the top charts
like pretty much that entire time you
know it's like that's there's been their
main inspiration and so you go to qi
lake and you have all the kids in the
park with their flat rim hats and their
cool skaters their clothes and their
clubs in their backpack and their big
shoes and like super skater style right
and and it's like the cool thing to do
and she'll a you also have 1200 people
at a monthly event every month juggling
because popularity of times exploding
now they're so it's like just seeing how
his style has influenced that culture
very strongly and same thing with how
they make their videos yeah tricks but
they do all kind of thing yeah I think
in you but again those are those are
cultures where the skater type of style
that like cuz I've talked a lot to Wes
about like his style and he really loves
skater videos you know as a as a kid and
as a teenager and so when he started
making videos he modeled them after that
skater style and really like use those
for his research rather than looking at
other juggling videos and that's what
inspired his his kind of video creation
and so and that's where like in Asia for
example that style is already really
popular in their videos and stuff too
okay okay you're something else a women
yeah women yeah it's just like you know
so this year I've been to do a lot of
really different countries once the
other like I would say Taiwan El
Salvador Russia in Africa and Paraguay
and every single one is just so starkly
different one of the next culturally how
they're juggling scenes are I've also
been looking at like what their flow
seems I like it on my brain right now -
and and also in the in the lady lady
dynamic like where are women within that
community so like in Russia for example
they have this like ancient circus
family history right and and basically
no matter what gender you are you're
born into a circus family you're gonna
be a circus performer so you have all
these examples of phenomenal females
regulars in Russia and so I show up
there and I ask the question to my host
who is a woman I was like so would you
say like it's pretty balanced women male
caffeine and she's like oh yeah like
normal obviously it out super split
gender wife um and also like you know
they have in general I felt like women
were treated equally with respect and in
the job force and all kind of things
like that within the Russian community
um but then you go in stark contrast to
bein in Africa where when they're just
starting to get rights you know they
have like this history where they had 14
rulers but they stopped paying attention
to two of them one because he sold ten
thousand ten million slaves to America
anyone because whatever so like that was
just an example to me of like okay women
are not so much respected in the culture
zero female jugglers in the country
right like and there were a lot of
jugglers in the first place but
definitely very few no women that were
involved or interested and you know I
ended up teaching I think three and I
was like yes yeah and then like
Afghanistan totally interesting there
because they have this circus program
that's existed for fifteen years now and
when
I started the women weren't allowed to
be involved in any of it and then the
government said okay
women can sing and they can juggle
because those were the two things that
were the less these sexy like the nine
different provinces now but only four of
the provinces allow women to be part of
the circus group but so in Kabul the
women like I think was four years ago I
saw the first post on there on the
Afghan circuit same thing for the first
time in history the women have won every
single competition in our national
competition because they couldn't do
these anything they just focus on
juggling women became super badass and
and they're also the ones getting like
invites now that's girl Ravi I just got
an invite to go perform in Russia in
Germany for a month because she's
awesome
so yeah it's just interesting looking at
those gender things I'm like how the
culture absolute and then how the
community reacts to like that gender
dynamic of the general culture hmm so we
have about five minutes here I actually
have to run to your rehearsal gonna be
bad you know I enjoy the people that I'm
rehearsing with it's more like getting
their thing is like waxing it anyways
okay so final thing here is uh yeah I
guess my my last question is like so if
you had a message that you would want to
pass along to you know like I was okay
so France set this up a little bit so
it's like you know I do things maybe you
do things for like this legacy vibe even
if like you know as I forgot about you
in helping with IJ you may will be
forgotten very soon
you know the things have happened for
example you know being a board now 40
years of running one of the more
successful events in the past decade I'm
sure will be forgotten by next month and
I want to be like the wolf you can just
call me to save the festival someday you
know it comes driving you good but I was
thinking like what kind of things would
you want like to leave as a part of like
you know your legacy you know I'm not
talking about like you know I'm sure
there'll be many Aaron Stephens awards
at some point in time but like guarantee
Oh guarantee astound you know it's gonna
happen anyway it's like what would you
want to leave behind you know like what
would you want people to remember
whether it's from your work not just
about you necessarily but like what kind
of work message you wanna leave you yeah
I think um I think what I've learned the
most like through my work with the IJA
and part of this comes from the dramas
that come up when you're on the board
member as you know or when you're on the
board um is that I feel like the
juggling and in general performing arts
community is very ego focused because
you know people need to create their
skills and they need to present them as
they need to be the best and they need
to do this and that and I think for me
like 2014 that I really saw an example
of a very strong ego and I realize like
that's what I want to be my driving
force within the community within the
work that I do like and I really made a
big shift from it's about me and about
my show and about my rewards too it's
about us and it's about the community
and the more we focused on the community
the better all of us are in general um
and if you hurt me that's okay but but I
don't like you can hurt me while you
want but don't hurt my community like
don't hurt my piece that's that's not
okay with me you know and I've I think
that's what I hope more and more
jugglers and like what I'm seeing now is
like for example you know my marketing
team just proved to five people for the
IJ this year
it was people who change means that I
love the work that I did doing how could
I be involved I want to I want to help
this movement for the community and
that's like such a cool thing is in the
past nobody wanted to help the IGA
nobody wanted to do work for free and
now because people are so excited about
the community and like what's happening
within the community people want to want
to give their time and energy towards
that so yeah I guess you know some how
do you go make it be about a big
something bigger and and focus on what
we can all do together rather than what
you can do by yourself hmm
amazing well on that note Aaron you
stick around for anything I'm gonna shut
this thing down but well Thank You Aaron
Stevens for joining me for the sticks
out podcast you may not be able to see
it because you haven't given me a dollar
a month on patreon but yeah I just got
one new person yesterday first one in
three months see that's a good yeah
that's something again
I was more thinking okay we should talk
about that too by the way
thank you again and we'll talk soon
stick around here and I'm gonna turn
this thing off stop recording